shared.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.0.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.1.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.2.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.3.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.4.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.5.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.6.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.7.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.8.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.9.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.10.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
encoder.encoder.block.11.module.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
encoder.encoder.final_layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.0.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.1.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.2.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.3.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.4.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.5.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.6.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.7.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight False
decoder.block.8.layer.2.layer_norm.weight False
decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
decoder.block.9.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
decoder.block.10.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
decoder.block.11.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
decoder.final_layer_norm.weight True
lm_head.weight True
